TODO.md, before:

# memup

## Currently working on:

-   Adding content
-   Non destructive imports with conflict management

## Import/Export

-   [ ] Improve the conflict detection
    -   [ ] Check if the mem is actually the same and ignore it from the import
    -   [ ] Check if the mem can be merged, like if a folder is different merge that, or if a hint is added, if checks were previously missing and this one adds just that stuff like these
-   [ ] Conflict Interface to allow manual merge/save of mems

## Kanji reading game

-   [ ] take all long term memory mems with kanji
-   [ ] present them without the furigana, kanji only
-   [ ] hiragana input
-   [ ] record fail/success somewhere else, use the same logic to push mems through levels and all

## Content

-   [ ] Find a way to use a github folder as a source for import, allow to delete mems by folders/subfolders
-   [ ] related mems, have a way to point which are related, save the ids, and on import, match ids and fill up accodingly (imagine having いく and 行きます being the actual same, so if you pick in the answers, either should be fine)

## General

-   [ ] mobile tests
-   [ ] hide&seek mode, hide the options and start the counter on seek
-   [ ] Stats and graphs everywhere
    -   [ ] At the end of a sesh (how many mems moved up to long term memory, how many new mems, time of the sesh, how many in the sesh, state of mems, etc..)
    -   [ ] homepage with an overall view of everything

Commit message:

Adding a folder provides suggestions. Such an interesting update order issue solved with a useRef

TODO.md, after:

# memup

## Currently working on:

-   Adding content
-   Non destructive imports with conflict management

## Import/Export

-   [ ] Improve the conflict detection
    -   [ ] Check if the mem is actually the same and ignore it from the import
    -   [ ] Check if the mem can be merged, like if a folder is different merge that, or if a hint is added, if checks were previously missing and this one adds just that stuff like these
-   [ ] Conflict Interface to allow manual merge/save of mems

## Kanji reading game

-   [ ] take all long term memory mems with kanji
-   [ ] present them without the furigana, kanji only
-   [ ] hiragana input
-   [ ] record fail/success somewhere else, use the same logic to push mems through levels and all

## Content

-   [ ] Find a way to use a github folder as a source for import, allow to delete mems by folders/subfolders
-   [ ] related mems, have a way to point which are related, save the ids, and on import, match ids and fill up accodingly (imagine having いく and 行きます being the actual same, so if you pick in the answers, either should be fine)

## General

-   [ ] mobile tests
-   [ ] folders
    -   [x] list of other available folders in the same subfolder when adding
    -   [ ] ability to rename a folder
-   [ ] hide&seek mode, hide the options and start the counter on seek
-   [ ] Stats and graphs everywhere
    -   [ ] At the end of a sesh (how many mems moved up to long term memory, how many new mems, time of the sesh, how many in the sesh, state of mems, etc..)
    -   [ ] homepage with an overall view of everything
